	raft	n. 许多；大量	          LONDON — Western nations have responded to Russia's invasion of Ukraine with a raft of sanctions intended to cripple the country's economy, and economists suggest it could work.	伦敦——西方国家对俄罗斯入侵乌克兰采取了一系列旨在削弱乌克兰经济的制裁措施，经济学家认为这可能会奏效。	
	ostrace	n. 故意避开；排挤，排斥	 Key Russian banks have been barred from the SWIFT international payments system, preventing them from secure international communication and ostracizing them from much of the global financial system.	俄罗斯主要银行已被禁止使用SWIFT国际支付系统，这阻止了它们进行安全的国际通信，并将它们排斥在全球金融体系的许多领域。	
	crackdown	n. 制裁；处罚；打击；镇压	There has been a series of government crackdowns on safety in factories.	针对工厂安全问题，政府有一系列的处罚措施。	
	depreciation	n. 贬值，跌价	 They also effectively prohibit Western investors from doing business with the central bank and freeze its overseas assets, not least the vast foreign currency reserves the CBR has used as a buffer against the depreciation of local assets.	它们还有效地禁止西方投资者与央行做生意，并冻结其海外资产，尤其是CBR用来缓冲本国资产贬值的巨额外汇储备。	
	fallout	n. （核爆炸后产生的）放射性落尘<br>n. 不良影响，恶果	Cancer deaths caused by fallout from weapons testing could rise to 2.4 million over the next few centuries.	武器试验产生的放射性落尘所引致的癌症死亡人数可能在随后几个世纪里增至240万。	
	fallout	n. 不良影响，恶果<br>n. （核爆炸后产生的）放射性落尘	The political fallout of the revelations has been immense.	这些被曝光事件产生的负面政治影响相当巨大。	
	outage	n. 停电（等）期间	Tsai said supply was sufficient at the time of the incident and the mass outage was triggered "simply by operational negligence.	蔡英文表示，事故发生时，电力供应是充足的，大规模停电“只是由于操作疏忽”引发的。	
	incorrigible	adj. 无可救药的	 As to Mary
Jane, she is incorrigible, and my wife has given her notice, but there, again,
I fail to see how you work it out.	至于玛丽
简，她无可救药了，我妻子已经通知她了，但又一次，
我不明白你是怎么解决的。	
	scored	v. 划；刻痕于；画线于	
“It is simplicity itself,” said he; “my eyes tell me that on
the inside of your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, the leather
is scored by six almost parallel cuts.	
“这本身很简单，”他说。我的眼睛告诉我
你左脚鞋的内侧，就是火光照到的地方，皮革
被几乎平行的六道切割。	
	pronounce	v. 宣称；宣布；断言	The jury pronounced him guilty.	陪审团宣布他有罪。	
	plan	n. 计划，规划；精心安排	The firms said a memorandum of understanding relating to the plans had been signed by RWE Renewables GmbH and Tata Power Renewable Energy Limited.	两家公司表示，RWE可再生能源公司和塔塔电力可再生能源有限公司已经签署了一份有关该计划的谅解备忘录。	
	demand	n. 坚决请求，强烈要求，强要	"India has excellent wind resources, which can help to meet the country's increasing energy demands," Sven Utermöhlen, RWE Renewables' CEO for offshore wind, said in a statement.	RWE可再生能源公司海上风能首席执行官Sven Utermöhlen在一份声明中表示:“印度拥有优秀的风能资源，这有助于满足该国日益增长的能源需求。”	
词汇-第一百二十二组	increasing	n. 选择释义	"India has excellent wind resources, which can help to meet the country's increasing energy demands," Sven Utermöhlen, RWE Renewables' CEO for offshore wind, said in a statement.	RWE可再生能源公司海上风能首席执行官Sven Utermöhlen在一份声明中表示:“印度拥有优秀的风能资源，这有助于满足该国日益增长的能源需求。”	
词汇-第一百二十二组	increasing	n. 选择释义n. 选择释义	.		
词汇-第一百二十二组	achieve		Fraser told CNBC's David Faber on Thursday in an interview that while it will "take a few years" to achieve her targets for returns, investors will see revenue growth from her efforts "sooner rather than later.	弗雷泽周四在接受CNBC记者David Faber采访时表示，虽然她的回报目标"需要几年时间"，但投资人将"很快"看到她的努力带来营收增长。	
词汇-第一百二十二组	pitch	v. 批评，攻击，大骂	He pitched into me as soon as I arrived, asking where the work was.	我一到他劈头就对我大骂，问我作品在哪里。	
词汇-第一百二十二组	tickle	v. 使觉得痒，挠（某人）的痒痒<br>v. 勾起兴趣	A start-up has to tickle one of his personal interests or play into his computer engineering experience – at a minimum – if its founders want to reel him in as a backer.	如果一家初创企业的创始人想要吸引他作为投资人，至少必须激发他的个人兴趣，或者利用他的计算机工程经验。	
词汇-第一百二十二组	software	adv. 选择释义<br>adv. 选择释义	In 1997, Apple bought NeXT – which ultimately became known for its computer software – for $429 million and rehired Jobs.	1997年，苹果公司以4.29亿美元收购了NeXT公司，并重新雇佣了乔布斯。NeXT公司最终以其电脑软件而闻名。	
词汇-第一百二十二组	trillion	adv. 万亿，兆<br>adv. 万亿，兆	The growth rate of over 10% was the strongest in years, boosted by trillions of dollars in wealth created by the stock market, crypto and other assets.	超过10%的增长率是多年来最强劲的，这得益于股市、加密货币和其他资产创造的数万亿美元财富。	
